So, most people have no idea that
Facebook will actually pay you as a
everyday person to post content. You
absolutely do not need a massive
following or a fancy camera. You just
need to understand how the Facebook
system works. If you're a complete
beginner, you're just a regular smegular
person, I'm going to show you exactly
how the Facebook monetization program
works in 2025. Right now, we are in
November. Today, Facebook is the highest
paying social media application. I have
been able to make thousands of dollars
just by posting videos while I'm home
with my kids. I'm going to break the
entire thing down to you guys step by
step so you can do the same. So, step
one, you have to understand exactly what
Facebook is paying you for. So, Facebook
has a boatload of different programs
that you can monetize from, but as a
beginner, you want to completely focus
on the Facebook monetization program.
Program is going to be the easiest, the
simplest way to make money just from
posting. In the content monetization
program, you can make money from text,
photos, reels, as well as stories. Step
two, you want to make sure you are
eligible for this program. What you want
to do is head over to your professional
dashboard on your Facebook, click on
monetization, and check your
eligibility. Facebook is going to show
you exactly which features you are able
to monetize on. Each one of these
monetization features are going to have
their own criteria that you need to
meet. Now, if you're someone that just
has a regular profile, you most likely
won't be able to even see these options
because your profile has to be in
professional mode. To put your profile
on professional mode, you simply want to
go to your Facebook profile, you want to
tap on those three dots that are on your
profile to go to the menu. You're going
to scroll down, and you're going to hit
turn on professional mode. That is for
if you are using a personal page. If you
have a Facebook professional page, like
a page as in a public figure page or a
business page, then you will be able to
see those monetization features and
whether you meet the eligibility for
those features literally right there on
the page. Three is going to be post
content that works. No, you do not have
to make dance videos, and you don't have
to make vlog videos. Post faceless
content, you can post tutorials, you can
do storytelling, you can post
motivational clips, anything that is
going to keep the people watching. With
the Facebook monetization program, the
key is consistency as well as watch
time. You need people watching your
content. Facebook is going to reward
creators that keep people on their app.
So, remember, with this program, you are
getting paid to post. So, that means not
only posting reels, you're also posting
text, you're also posting photos, as
well as posting in your stories. You
have to figure out which form of content
is going to work with you. So,
personally, if I come to you and say,
"Oh, I'm posting reels, and I'm making
thousands of dollars." Just because
that's working for me, that doesn't mean
it's going to work for you. Photos might
work better for you. To figure out the
content that works best for you, the
content that is getting the most eyes on
your page, you want to take that
content, rinse and repeat. Stick to that
piece of content. You guys to remember,
those of you who want to do video
content that reels that are 8 to 15
seconds tend to perform better. Always,
always, always make sure your content is
relatable and shareable. We need those
shares. When it comes to making money on
Facebook, you have to be consistent. So,
you should be posting at least three to
five times a week. I would love for that
to be three to five times a day. The
bare minimum is three to five times a
week. You are not invited into this
program yet because it is invite only.
You need to be posting as much as
possible to increase your reach.
Increasing your reach, getting more
people on your page, getting your
engagement up is going to trigger
Facebook, and they are going to send you
the invite faster. So, step four, once
you're in the program, you receive your
invite, congratulations. Most people are
still waiting for that invite. You then
have to go ahead and set up your
payments. This is how you're going to be
paid. Yes, it's completely safe. I get a
lot of people asking, "Oh, is it safe to
put my social?" Yes, if Facebook itself
is asking for it, then it's completely
safe, but do not give that information
out to anybody else. Five is going to be
to optimize your profile for engagement.
When you get this monetization feature,
you have to remember, the more people
that like, comment, share, and engage,
the higher your payouts will be. Troll
those people, enrage bait those people.
Honestly, content that's controversial
is going to get the most engagement
because people are more likely to
comment something negative than they are
to comment something positive. That's
just how most people are. Your house is
dirty, and your life is a mess, go ahead
and post it. You're going to be
monetizing from it. Let's get into some
main things that I need you guys to
avoid doing. Number one, when you are
filming your videos, please make sure
you're filming vertically. Do not film
horizontally like you're filming for
YouTube because that's going to put a
black screen on your video, and Facebook
is going to pick that up as low quality.
Second thing you want to avoid doing is
posting videos that already have sounds
on them. So, if you're driving your car
and you had music playing, do not post
that video with that sound because
Facebook will pick up on that sound, and
you will get flagged for copyright, and
they will take away your monetization.
So, just do not post any videos that
have an existing sound on it. Third
thing you should avoid doing is
reposting someone else's content.
Facebook is really not playing when it
comes to stealing people's content. They
actually just released a new feature
that lets you know when someone else is
posting your video, and they're actually
monetizing from your video. You can then
flag that person and just delete the
video from their page
entirely. Fourth and the last thing you
guys should be avoid doing is making
posts on Facebook that saying, "Facebook
pays me for engagement, so engage on
this post." People do not want to see
you win. People do not want to see you
make money from them, basically, because
you're telling them to engage, you're
telling them to help you make money.
People don't want to see that. So, avoid
making posts like that. When I first got
monetized, my first payment was not
life-changing. It was literally $62.
That's $62 that came from videos that I
made at home on my spare time. That also
led me to making amounts like $6,000 or
$7,000.
So, you're literally going to start off
with small deposits, then those small
deposits are going to change into large
deposits. It is then going to turn into
a consistent income doing something that
you would already love doing, like
creating content. know about you guys,
but I love creating content. So, if
you're someone that's ready to stop
posting content for free, turn on your
professional mode, start tracking your
analytics, and seeing whichever content
is performing the best, and build
something that pays you every single
month. So, you guys subscribe to this
channel, not for me, but really for you.
This channel is here to serve as a free
resource to help you guys boost your
brand and build your income.